affichage/rechercheDonneesSat false
affichage/affMax false
affichage/affSAA false
affichage/affconst 2
affichage/affcoord true
affichage/affetoiles true
affichage/affgrille true
affichage/afficone true
affichage/affinvew false
affichage/affinvns false
affichage/afflune true
affichage/affnomlieu 2
affichage/affnomsat 2
affichage/affnotif false
affichage/affnuit true
affichage/affphaselune true
affichage/affplanetes 2
affichage/affradar 2
affichage/affsoleil true
affichage/afftraceCiel true
affichage/afftraj true
affichage/affvisib 2
affichage/calJulien false
affichage/eclipsesLune false
affichage/effetEclipsesMagnitude true
affichage/extinction true
affichage/fenetreMax false
affichage/groupeTLE 0
affichage/hauteur 690
affichage/intensiteOmbre 40
affichage/intensiteVision 50
affichage/largeur 1068
affichage/magnitudeEtoiles 4
affichage/nombreTrajectoires 2
affichage/proportionsCarte true
affichage/refractionPourEclipses true
affichage/rotationIconeISS true
affichage/rotationLune false
affichage/systemeHoraire true
affichage/typeParametres 3
affichage/typeRepere 0
affichage/unite true
affichage/utc false
affichage/utcAuto true
affichage/valeurZoomMap 12
affichage/verifMAJ true
fichier/affichageMsgMAJ 1
affichage/mccISS false
affichage/affBetaWCC false
affichage/affCerclesAcq true
affichage/affNbOrbWCC true
affichage/aff_ZOE true
affichage/chaine 1
affichage/styleWCC true
affichage/coulGMT 0
affichage/coulZOE 0
affichage/coulCercleVisibilite 0
affichage/coulEquateur 0
affichage/coulTerminateur 0
affichage/policeWCC 0
affichage/station0 0
affichage/station1 0
affichage/station2 0
affichage/station3 0
affichage/station4 0
affichage/station5 0
affichage/station6 0
affichage/station7 0
affichage/station8 0
affichage/station9 0
affichage/station10 0
